Update readme (#111)
microsoft/vscode-python-debugger: README.md

- The Python extension offers the python debugger extension as an optional installation, including it during the setup process.
- This extension is supported for all [actively supported versions](https://devguide.python.org/#status-of-python-branches) of the Python language (i.e., Python >= 3.7).

> ## Intent and Purpose
> 
> The primary intent of this extension is to address the following crucial issues:
> 
> 
> 1. **Independence and Compatibility:** The primary aim of this extension is to offer autonomy to the bundled debugpy implementation, freeing it from dependency on the primary Python extension. This solution tackles a common problem where users encounter challenges debugging with older Python versions (e.g., Python 3.7) as the primary Python extension progresses. Users often face two choices: stick with an older Python extension version and miss out on new features, or upgrade their Python environment, which may not always be feasible. With this extension, you can selectively enable the debugger features, while keeping your main Python extension up-to-date.
> 
> 2. **Platform-Specific Builds:** Unlike the main Python extension, which bundles all debugpy builds for various platforms into a single extension package, this extension provides a more streamlined approach. It delivers platform-specific builds, ensuring you only receive the components relevant to your specific platform. This reduces unnecessary overhead.
> 
> 3. **Feature Parity and Ongoing Updates:** This extension replicates all the functionality available in the main Python extension. Any new features introduced in the Python extension will be added here. In the future, the main extension will transition to using this extension for these features.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Purpose

The main intent of this extension is to offer:

1. **Independence and Compatibility:** The Python Debugger extension aims to separate the debugging functionality from the main Python extension to prevent compatibility issues. This ensures that even as the Python extension drops support for older Python versions (e.g., Python 3.7), you can continue debugging projects with those versions without downgrading your Python extension. This allows you to access new features and bug fixes while keeping your debugging capabilities intact.

2. **Platform-Specific Builds:** Unlike the main Python extension, which bundles all debugpy builds for various platforms into a single extension package, the Python Debugger extension provides a more streamlined approach: it delivers platform-specific builds, ensuring you only receive the components relevant to your specific operating system. This reduces download times and unnecessary overhead.

3. **Feature Parity and Ongoing Updates:** This extension replicates all the functionality available in the main Python extension, and more. Going forward, any new debugger features will be added to this extension. In the future, the Python extension will no longer offer debugging support on its own, and we will transition all debugging support to this extension for all debugging functionality.

```
